# CS2102-Assignment-1
Problem Statement
One popular event in the winter Olympics is the biathlon. In this competition, athletes participate in two events, cross-country skiing and shooting. In this program you'll model athletes competing in the biathlon. Your job will be to create the initial software to record athletes' results in these events and to provide methods that do some basic performance comparisons between individual athletes. Specifically, your tasks are as follows:
1. Create an Athlete class with one field that holds a FinalResult object.
2. The FinalResult class holds a ShootingResult object and a SkiingResult object.
3. The ShootingResult class holds four separate ShootingRound objects, one for each of four rounds (e.g., round1, round2, round3, and round4). Each ShootingRound stores the number of targets hit (out of five). Use int for this value. Assume that only valid numbers of targets hit will be created; you do not need to do any error checking at this point in the course.
4. The skiing part of the biathlon often consists of five laps around a track. The SkiingResult class holds the time (in seconds) at which the athlete crossed the finish line for each lap and the athlete's position in the finishing order on the final lap (1 for first, 2 for second, etc). Use a double for each of the five lap times and an int for the position.
5. Each of ShootingResult and SkiingResult should implement an IEvent interface. This interface should require a method called pointsEarned which takes no additional inputs and returns a double representing an athlete's score on that event.
    - The points earned for a ShootingResult is the sum of the targets hit for each round.
    - The points earned for a SkiingResult is the sum of each lap time.
6. In the FinalResult class, include a method called getShootingPenalties that takes a ShootingResult as an input parameter. This method should calculate the amount of penalty time (60 seconds) for each target missed in each round. It should return this modifier as a double. Note that this method returns a modifier that is later applied to the time, not a modified time.
7. In the FinalResult class, include a method called finalScore() that takes no inputs and returns the athlete's final score. This score will be a combination of the athlete's skiing time, position, and shooting penalties.
8. For most athletes, the points earned is the total time for completing all five skiing laps modified by the number of shots missed in each shooting round. Then, the points for the first place finisher takes 10 seconds off this modified finishing time. Similarly, the second-place finisher gets 7 points off, and the third-place finisher gets 3 points off. All other finishers have just their modified finishing time as the points.
9. In the Athlete class, include a betterSkiier method that takes another Athlete as input and produces the athlete with the better (lower) Skiier score. Assume there are no ties (meaning we won't test for ties and neither should you, as the behavior in event of a tie is not specified).
10. In the Athlete class, include a hasBeaten method that takes another Athlete as input and returns a boolean indicating whether the athlete has either a higher shooting score or a lower skiing score than the given (input) Athlete.
11. Create a test suite for your work. Put all of your tests and test data in a class called Examples.
